Improve the glossary. (#79)
membraneframework/membrane_tutorials: glossary/glossary.md

## Multimedia

  - #### **Packet**
    It is a formatted unit of data transmitted over the network. To send data over the network it has to be fragmented into packets, which size is limited by [MTU(Maximum Transfer Unit)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_transmission_unit) - 1500 bytes when using [Ethernet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethernet_frame).
  - #### **Frame**

>     The frame can refer to either [network frame](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frame_(networking)>) or **media frame**, which is a basic data unit used by media coding formats. In particular, one media frame can represent a single image in a video.

Reviewer: I think it's fine to leave it as-is in the rest of the definitions

  - ### Frame types:
    In video codecs, e.g. H.264, there is a concept of distinguishing different video frames, depending on their role
    in the intra-frame prediction compression process. 
    - #### **I frame**
    An I-frame (Intra frame) is a self-contained frame in a video stream that serves as a reference for encoding and decoding other frames, storing the entire picture without relying on any other frames for information.
    - #### **P frame**
    A P frame (Predictive frame) is a video compression frame that depends on the preceding I frame or P frame for data, using the motion differences between the two frames to reduce the amount of stored information and make the file size smaller.
    - #### **B frame**
    A B frame (Bidirectional predictive frame) is a video compression frame that relies on both the preceding and following I or P frames for data, using the motion differences between these frames to further reduce the stored information, resulting in even smaller file sizes and better compression efficiency.
## Membrane Framework
- #### **Action**

>   An action can be returned from [callback][#callback] and it is a way of element interaction with other elements and parts of the framework. An exemplary action might be [`:buffer`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Element.Action.html#t:buffer/0) action, that sends buffers through a pad, or [`:terminate`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Element.Action.html#t:terminate/0) action, that terminates element with given reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An action can be returned from [callback](#callback) and it is a way of element interaction with other elements and parts of the framework. An exemplary action might be [`:buffer`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Element.Action.html#t:buffer/0) action, that sends buffers through a pad, or [`:terminate`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Element.Action.html#t:terminate/0) action, that terminates element with given reason.
```

- #### **Callback**
  A callback is a function defined by a user, that gets called once a particular event happens.

>   Exemplary callbacks in the Membrane Framework are: [`handle_end_of_stream/3`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Element.WithInputPads.html#c:handle_end_of_stream/3) being called once the end of stream event is received on some pad or []`handle_init/2`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Pipeline.html#c:handle_init/2) called on initialization of an [element](#element).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Exemplary callbacks in the Membrane Framework are: [`handle_end_of_stream/3`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Element.WithInputPads.html#c:handle_end_of_stream/3) being called once the end of stream event is received on some pad or [`handle_init/2`](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Pipeline.html#c:handle_init/2) called on initialization of an [element](#element).
```

- ### **Element** 
  The most basic entity that is responsible for processing multimedia. Each element is created to solve one problem. Elements can be divided into four categories:
  - #### **Source** 
    An element with only output [pads](#pads), the first element of each pipeline. It is responsible for fetching the data and transmitting it through the output pad.
  - #### **Filter**
    An element with both input and output [pads](#pads), which is responsible for transforming data.
  - #### **Sink** 
    An element with only input [pads](#pads), the last element of a pipeline. It might be responsible, i.e. for writing the output to the file or playing the incoming media stream.
  - #### **Endpoint**
    An element with both input and output [pads](#pads), responsible for receiving and consuming data (e.g., writing to a soundcard, sending via TCP, etc.) as well as producing data (e.g., reading from a soundcard, downloading via HTTP, etc.) and sending it through the corresponding pads. It can be thought of as an element merging all the functionalities of previously mentioned element categories: source, filter, and sink.
- #### **ChildrenSpec**

>   In Membrane Framework, we call ChildrenSpec a bunch of functionalities that allow for defining the topology of the [pipeline](#pipeline) or a [bin](#bin). You can read more about ChildrenSpec [here](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.ChildrenSpec.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Membrane Framework, `ChildrenSpec` is a way of describing the topology of a [pipeline](#pipeline) or a [bin](#bin). You can read more about `ChildrenSpec` [here](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.ChildrenSpec.html).
```

- #### **Container format**
  A file format that allows multiple data streams to be embedded into a single file, e.g. MP4 format can contain video, audio, and subtitles streams inside of it.
- #### **CMAF**
  CMAF (Common Media Application Format) is a standardized media file format for adaptive bitrate streaming over the internet. It enhances the interoperability between different streaming protocols, such as [HLS](#hls) and [MPEG-DASH](#mpeg-dash), by using a single set of media files and encryption methods. CMAF simplifies content delivery to various devices and platforms, reducing the need for multiple file formats and enabling more efficient media streaming.
- #### **YUV**
  Color space that defines one [luminance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminance) and two [chrominance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chrominance) components. By reducing the resolution of the chrominance components it is possible to compress an image with a minuscule effect on human perception of the image. That encoding is commonly used for analog video processing.
- #### **YCbCr**

>   Color space that defines one [luminance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminance) and two [chrominance difference] components: [blue-difference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-Y) and [red-difference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R-Y). In contrast to **YUV** it's more often used in digital video processing. It happens that YCbCr is mistakenly called [YUV](#yuv).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Color space that defines one [luminance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminance) and two [chrominance difference] components: [blue-difference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-Y) and [red-difference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R-Y). In contrast to **YUV** it's more often used in digital video processing. It happens that YCbCr is often mistakenly called [YUV](#yuv).
```

Author: done

>   Color space that defines one [luminance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminance) and two [chrominance difference] components: [blue-difference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-Y) and [red-difference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R-Y). In contrast to **YUV** it's more often used in digital video processing. It happens that YCbCr is mistakenly called [YUV](#yuv).

Reviewer: You have to link to something if you write 'chrominance difference' in square brackets :wink:

Author: indeed, done ;)

  - #### **Tee**
    An element that allows for copying a single input stream to multiple output streams. A possible implementation of the Tee can be found [here](https://github.com/membraneframework/membrane_tee_plugin).
  - #### **Funnel**
    An element that allows for merging multiple input streams into a single output stream. A possible implementation of the Funnel can be found [here](https://github.com/membraneframework/membrane_funnel_plugin).
- ### Demands mechanism
  - #### **Demands**, **Demanding**
    Demanding is a name for the Membrane Framework backpressure mechanism. Elements are allowed to send "demands" to the preceding
    element, in which they describe the amount of data they want to receive.
  - #### **Redemands**
    In Membrane it's an element's action that lets the programmer handle just one buffer at a time. When redemanding, the `handle_demand/5` callback is synchronously called. You can read more about redemands [here](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/Membrane.Element.Action.html#t:redemand/0).

## General Elixir/Erlang concepts
- ### OTP Behavior
  - #### **GenServer**

>     Elixir behavior abstracts client/server interaction. [https://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/mix-otp/genserver.html](https://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/mix-otp/genserver.html)

Author: Indeed, we can, I have changed it
